Collect common links under custom file (#82)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/abstractions/app-interface.rst

access to ``_omodelsetup``, which is why it's protected in the
``Hfss`` class. Additionally, calling the method is simplified by
providing (and documenting) the defaults using keyword arguments and

> placing them into the ``vars`` list, all while following the Style
> Guide for Python Code, defined in `PEP 8`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placing them into the ``vars`` list, all while following the style
guidelines for Python code that are defined in `PEP 8`_.
```
